README.md, before:


# Hamara College

This is our DBMS college assignment. That's project is based on the college managment system.



## Guider & Mentor

-Our mentor and guider Jyoti Gajrani


## Tech Stack

**Client:** HTML, Css, JavaScript

**Server:** Php, Mysql


## Environment Variables

To run this project, you will need to add the following environment variables to your .env file

`server = "localhost"`

`username = "root"`

`password = ""`(It's your own mysqli workbench related)

`dbname = "eca"`
In this db we will use this tables

customer(name, email, phone, msg);

addadmin(name, branch, semester, email, clgid, passwerd)

addstudent(name, branch, semester, email, clgid, passwerd)

addteacher(name, branch, semester, email, clgid, passwerd)

addparent(name, children_branch, children_semester, email, clgid, passwerd)

## Color Reference

| Color             | Hex                                                                |
| ----------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------ |
|Primary Color | ![purple](https://via.placeholder.com/10/#800080?text=+) #800080 |
| Secondry Color | ![rba(210,153,210)](https://via.placeholder.com/10/#D299D2?text=+) #D299D2 |


## Font-Family

Primary: ['Roboto', sans-serif](https://fonts.google.com/specimen/Roboto)

Secondry: [ 'Barlow Condensed', sans-serif](https://fonts.google.com/?query=Barlow+Condensed)

## Running Tests

To run tests, run the following command

```bash
localhost/HamaraCollege
```


## ER-Diagram

[See the E-R Diagram of the mangament](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1lHc77r4B2eSZOnScnUBnzB3Q8TslklZu/view)
## Features

- Add new admin
- Add new student
- Add new teacher
- Add new parent(First managment where parent see the college managment system and also contribute them)


## Developers
Mahendra Singh Rawat: He is a manager of the managment and he is managed the website from design to development.

Nabin Pnaday: He is group leader and he intialize all the core part of the html and php.

Nikhil Gurjar: His part as a developer and designer of the website, and realated to the mysql and css.

Rajkumar balot: His work as frontend developer and a content writter,who is make the website responsive.

Commit message:

Ready to deploye the web with some advance changes we will continue the changes in it...

README.md, after:


# Hamara College

This is our DBMS college assignment. That's project is based on the college managment system. In this web you can see the college facilites , about the staff of the college , know about the UG & PG Programes and much more...
    In this web admin have the power to change teacher, add student and colloborate with the parents.


## Guider & Mentor

-Our mentor and guider "Jyoti Gajrani Mam"


## Tech Stack

**Client:** HTML, Css, JavaScript

**Server:** Php, Mysql


## Environment Variables

To run this project, you will need to add the following environment variables to your .env file

`server = "localhost"`

`username = "root"`

`password = ""`(It's your own mysqli workbench related or php admin)

`dbname = "hamracollege"`(That's database name is included,can be change when you import)

# All Tables We Are Used In Projects

customer(name, email, phone, msg);

addadmin(name, branch, semester, email, clgid, passwerd)

addstudent(name, branch, semester, email, clgid, passwerd)

addteacher(name, branch, semester, email, clgid, passwerd)

addparent(name, children_branch, children_semester, email, clgid, passwerd)

* Can Be Change during the project plz can see the database file when you import it

## Color Reference

| Color             | Hex                                                                |
| ----------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------ |
|Primary Color | ![purple](https://via.placeholder.com/10/#800080?text=+) #800080 |
|Secondry Color | ![rba(210,153,210)](https://via.placeholder.com/10/#D299D2?text=+) #D299D2 |


## Font-Family

Primary: ['Roboto', sans-serif](https://fonts.google.com/specimen/Roboto)

Secondry: [ 'Barlow Condensed', sans-serif](https://fonts.google.com/?query=Barlow+Condensed)

## Running Tests

# Download the xampp control panel 

```In xampp ,start all that's
    ``Apache``,``Mysql``  (If you have mysqli workbench,then need to start the Mysql )

```Clone this repositary on C/xampp/htdocs/  (Plz follow this folder structur to get start the run files) After structuring the files ,you run the commend below```

To run tests, run the following command on your browser

```bash
localhost/HamaraCollege (It is your folder name ,when you clone you give them)
```

## ER-Diagram

[See the E-R Diagram of the mangament](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1lHc77r4B2eSZOnScnUBnzB3Q8TslklZu/view)


## Features

- Add new admin
- Add new student
- Add new teacher
- Add new parent(First managment system, where parent see the college managment system and also contribute them)


## Developers

* Mahendra Singh Rawat: He is a manager of the managment and he is managed the website from design to development.

* Nabin Pnaday: He is group leader and he intialize all the core part of the html and php.

* Rajkumar balot: His work as frontend developer and a content writter,who is make the website responsive.

* Nikhil Gurjar: His part as a developer and designer of the website, and realated to the mysql and css.

## THANK YOU ##
